# WorkAsgnOpt

This README references the WAOPSQ.slx model. 

Sensor data is generated by entity generators. 
The entities carry the following attributes

* packetSize
  * This is used in the process sharing queues that represent the medium. It is a value that is decremented at each time step and fed back into the queue until
    the value reaches 0. Then it is passed to the processor. 
* timer
  * This is to store the value of the start time, and used to calculate the stop time, since the start and stop time specific blocks have
    been deprecated. 
* dest
  * This is used for routing in several of entity output switches, except the EdgeBalancer which is currently Round Robin.  
* dataRate
  * This is the technically the service time for the servers in the process sharing queues, however it is also the value that is used to 
    decrement the packetSize. So I'm calling it data rate. 
* a1
  * Probability that data will go to the cloud
  * Logic using this is in the BrokerQueue. 
* a2
  * Probability that data will go the edge cluster
  * The remaining cases go to the single edge device. 
  * Logic using this is in the BrokerQueue.
  
  In the Cloud Service all data is sent to Cloud Server 1 (CS1), until a utilization threshold is passed (logic is in StateFlow block
  called "route"), at that point the data is passed to CS1 or CS2 based on a randomly generated integer, 1 or 2. 
  
  The Edge Cluster has data routed using round robin. 
  
  Currently the edge devices and cloud servers have a constant service time. Another attribute should probably be added, and set at
  at the start of each block which contains a server. 
  
  The dashboard can plot any signal by double clicking it and selecting the desired signal. The signals can be named by double clicking an 
  edge and naming it. 
